Parse email files v2 bug (#24721)
demisto/content: Packs/CommonScripts/ReleaseNotes/1_11_27.md

> #### Scripts
> 
> ##### ParseEmailFilesV2
> - Updated the Docker image to: *demisto/parse-emails:1.0.0.48881*.
> 
> - Fixed an issue where eml file contains empty htm attachment.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
#### Scripts
##### ParseEmailFilesV2
- Updated the Docker image to: *demisto/parse-emails:1.0.0.48881*.
- Fixed an issue where the script returned a timeout error when the EML file contained an empty HTM attachment.
```
